Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/framework/event/listening-to-events.md

::: info
Refer to this video on **[Live coding example with product.loaded event](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJDaiuyjKJk)**.

> Also available on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/path/shopware-backend-development-intermediate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Academy learning content on Shopware events, subscribers, and dependency injection, see the **[Events and DI](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/course/events-and-di)** course in the free **Shopware Backend Development Intermediate** learning path.
```
